update doc on wal-recovery-mode and use-direct-io-for-flush-and-compaction (#6163)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

> + WAL recovery mode
> + Optional values: `0` (`TolerateCorruptedTailRecords`), `1` (`AbsoluteConsistency`), `2` (`PointInTimeRecovery`), `3` (`SkipAnyCorruptedRecords`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ WAL recovery mode
+ Value options: `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`
```

> + `0` (`TolerateCorruptedTailRecords`): tolerate and discard incomplete record in trailing data on all logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `0` (`TolerateCorruptedTailRecords`): Tolerates and discards the records that have incomplete trailling data on all logs.
```

> + `1` (`AbsoluteConsistency`): abandon the recovery when corrupted logs are found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `1` (`AbsoluteConsistency`): abandons recovery when corrupted logs are found.
```

> + `2` (`PointInTimeRecovery`): recover sequentially until the first corrupted log is encoutered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `2` (`PointInTimeRecovery`): recovers log sequentially until the first corrupted log is encountered.
```

> + `3` (`SkipAnyCorruptedRecords`): recovery after a disaster

Reviewer: @ekexium Please help sync the changes made in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/6860/files#diff-5e0b63d087f45ab3370aeb3f520d8d1f637a6f031fb6b9f294b4addc227e24c5R760-R765 to here. Thanks~

### `use-direct-io-for-flush-and-compaction`

> + Determines whether to use `O_DIRECT` for both reads and writes in background flush and compactions. The performance impact of this option: turning on O_DIRECT bypasses and prevents contamination of the OS buffer cache, but subsequent file reads require re-reading the contents to the buffer cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to use `O_DIRECT` for both reads and writes in the background flush and compactions. The performance impact of this option: enabling `O_DIRECT` bypasses and prevents contamination of the OS buffer cache, but the subsequent file reads require re-reading the contents to the buffer cache.
```
